Eight years ago, I was lead prosecutor
on a murder trial
that divided the country.
When the jury found
movie star Sevvy Johnson
not guilty of double homicid,
I was devastated.
You did everything you could, Maya.
I left that life
and everyone in it behind.
But then the unthinkable happened.
He killed again.
You have to come back, Maya.
This time, we're gonna get him.
I found this on the porch.
There's no card. Secret admirer?
Your stalker? He's back?
A detective came by my place.
They always want to talk to the ex.
Maya Travis has you and Jessica on tape
the night before she was murdered.
There's a mole in this office.
No one leaves this office
until we find out who it is.
And everybody takes a lie-detector test.
I know it's you.
- We found the mole.
- Who?
It was a janitor on the night shift.
He's been fired.
What was Sevvy's DNA doing on it?
This is it. Sevvy was there.
Matthew. We've got him!
On a little getaway?
Something like that.
Sevvy Johnson. LAPD. We have
a warrant for your arrest.
Open up. Mm-hmm.
Did you check the guest quarters?
- He's not at the Malibu house.
- Yes. Thank you.
He's not at the desert estate either.
Housekeeper
hasn't seen Sevvy since yesterday.
Okay, so, he's not at
any of his residences.
Let's check out his favorite
restaurants, hotels.
He's got to be somewhere.
50 bucks says he ran.
Let's not even go there.
Just got a hit on Sevvy's car.
He's at the Van Nuys Airport.
Uh-huh.
I'm gonna call Wolf.
Ow, ah.
Gentle, gentle, gentle. Oh.
Maya. To what do I owe this pleasure?
I have a warrant for
your client's arrest.
- I see.
- But it appears he's fled.
His car is at the Van Nuys Airport.
Whoa. Whoa, whoa, innocent men don't run.
I'm sure there's a perfectly
boring explanation for this.
You know the drill, Wolf.
Produce your client.
Yeah, now that you mention it,
he did say he was planning
a sojourn up to Napa.
Something about a-a wine tasting.
Wherever he is, he's not on the run.
The son of a bitch is on the run.
More champagne?
Thanks, Marie.
Thank you.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Synced & corrected by -robtor-
www.addic7ed.com
Thanks to the extraordinary
efforts of our prosecution team,
we have charged Severen Johnson
with the murder of Jessica Meyer.
An arrest warrant has been
issued for Mr. Johnson.
The Los Angeles D.A.'s office,
in conjunction with the LAPD,
is actively searching for Mr. Johnson.
We believe that he boarded
a private plane
that left Van Nuys Airport
this afternoon.
- Are you saying he fled?
- Why didn't you...
- Did you let him get away?
- I can't comment
on the specifics of
the ongoing investigation.
What I can tell you is that
we are presently obtaining flight plans.
Mr. Johnson, if you're listening,
turn yourself in.
Running is only gonna make this worse.
Wherever you are, we'll find you.
Anyone assisting Mr. Johnson at this time
may be considered an accessor.
How long before we land?
About 50 minutes.
Um, once we land,
how quickly can we refuel?
I can call ahead for the truck.
- It should take about 45 minutes.
- That includes ground personnel,
flight crews... anybody
agreeing to harbor Mr. Johnson.
I-Is there any way
that we can do it faster?
I can request two trucks,
one for each wing,
but it'll be more expensive.
Make it happen.
The tip line's set up.
We're monitoring social media
for any Sevvy sightings.
CJ, find out everything we need
to know about private planes...
how far they can fly
and how to track them.
- Collier. My office.
- I'll call my ex-husband.
He'll know. I thought he was a cop.
And a weekend pilot.
Adrenaline junkie. Fun.
Have a seat.
If this is about us not
having a tail on Johnson,
you know that's LAPD's job.
No. I'm just curious... what
were you thinking last night
hooking up the entire staff
to lie detectors?
There was a mole in the office.
Why didn't you loop me in
- before you put this place on lockdown?
- You were at a conference.
It was a fluid situation. I handled it.
Uh-huh. Real quick, whose
photo's hanging in the lobby?
Yours. That's right.
This is my house.
You seem to keep forgetting that.
Maybe that's because you were
appointed, not elected.
I still have the power
to have you transferred
to the hinterlands to handle
sprinkler violations
if you keep overstepping.
Alan, I cleaned up your house.
I don't know what you
cleaned up, Matthew,
'cause I haven't seen a report.
I'm working on it.
With everything that's going on...
You're right.
Manhunt trumps mole hunt.
But as soon as Johnson's in custody,
that report better be on my desk.
Yes, sir.
We're done.
- Okay, thank you.
- No, this is great.
Okay. Please tell Jordan
Mommy said good night,
and pack an extra snack
for her field trip tomorrow.
Thank you.
So, if Sevvy is headed out of the country
to a place without extradition,
he will have to stop
on the East Coast to refuel.
- That's where we'll grab him.
- What if he's already over the Atlantic?
What if it's too late?
Don't worry. It's gonna be okay.
Sevvy is a famous guy.
Someone will report him.
Marie?
Can I get a gin and tonic, please?
Uh, make that a double.
Answer your damn phone, Sevvy!
If you are not lost in
the freaking Bermuda Triangle,
I'm gonna rip your head off!
Julianne, thank you.
Thank you for coming.
- Where the hell is he?
- I don't know.
You're paid to keep Sevvy out of trouble.
- How'd you let this happen?
- You and I both know
that man can't be controlled.
You're the Sevvy Whisperer.
You know him better than anyone.
Do you have any idea
where he could've gone?
No. He dropped off Sunny,
asked me to watch her for
the day. That's all I know.
Okay.
Have a seat. Get comfortable.
I'll have Charlie get us sushi.
Don't talk to me like I work for you.
Julianne...
Sevvy is a fugitive.
I need you here.
Fine.
But I'm gonna need sake.
Flight N8Z92 landed two hours ago
in Vegas with seven passengers.
I doubt Johnson's hitching a
ride with a bachelorette party.
Well, that still leaves us 12 flights.
- Sevvy's about to land in Atlanta.
- How do you know?
The flight attendant
took a picture of him.
She sent it to a friend
who posted it on Twitter.
Call the Atlanta P.D. and U.S. Marshals.
Have them meet Sevvy's plane
on the ground.
I'm friends with the Atlanta D.A.
I'll make sure he's up to speed.
CJ, tell us everything you know
about Flight N73D4.
It left Van Nuys
at 2:20 P.M. with a solo passenger.
It's gonna land in Atlanta at
10:15 Eastern Standard Time.
Ugh. That only gives us 25 minutes.
Ah. News travels fast.
...reports that Sevvy Johnson's plane
is headed to Atlanta. In a moment,
we'll be switching to our locl
affiliate for live coverage.
We're starting our descent.
The captain has requested
you fasten your seatbelt.
Um, did he call the ground crew?
Are the trucks ready to refuel?
They're waiting on the tarmac.
The captain's also asking
for your next destination.
He needs to file another flight plan.
Um...
I'll let him know
once we're done refueling.
Please, uh, tell him to hurry.
4,000 feet over Atlanta.
And now we're looking at live coverage
of Sevvy Johnson's plane
making its approach
to the private terminal at
Sullivan Wade Regional Airpor.
How far away are the police?
Yeah, they're on the scene.
Sevvy Johnson's plane
has just touched down.
Atlanta P.D. is taking no chances.
They have Sevvy Johnson
completely surrounded.
The question is, will he surrender?
Uh, sir?
We can't refuel.
They're telling me to open that door.
Do not open that door, okay?
Leave the door, please.
Oh, God.
Jules.
Baby, I messed up.
I-I don't know what to do.
Listen to me.
I'm watching the news.
We love you.
Your whole family loves you.
What do I do?
You're going to put your hands
on top of your head,
and you're going to walk out
of that plane like a man.
Do it now.
Those beautiful children of yours
are not gonna lose their father today.
I'm sorry.
There he is.
He appears to be surrendering.
Severen Johnson, you're under arrest.
You have the right to remain silent.
Anything you say can ad
will be used against yo.
Excuse me, ma'am, you can't be here.
I have a right to be here.
My name is Angela Ashley,
and I am Sevvy Johnson's lawyer.
Now, I'd like a moment with my client.
Let's go.
Who the hell is that?
Who the hell is Angela Ashley?
Charlie! I'm on it.
Did he hire another lawyer?
Not that I know of, but I like her.
It's a Georgia number.
- Ezra Wolf.
- Mr. Wolf.
This is Angela Ashley.
I'm sitting with your client.
Sevvy, are you there? You okay?
I'm in cuffs, Wolf.
What do you think?
Look, Ms. Ashley,
I don't know who you are
or what you think you're doing, but...
I'm your client's
Get Out Of Jail Free car.
I just finished telling Sevvy,
I've been following his case.
I live 15 minutes away.
When I saw the news,
it seemed like he needed an assist.
An assist? And what kind of
an assist are you offering?
Right now, the whole world thinks
your client's trying to flee.
I can provide a different story.
Sevvy flew to Atlanta to pick up
the newest member
of his defense team... me.
Well, I see you were on
the Law Review at Yale
and you spent six years
at the Innocence Project.
Some would find those
credentials impressive.
Me, I would send your résumé
straight to the shredder.
I'm not into do-gooders.
How do you feel about winners?
I've gotten six men off of death row.
And frankly, you don't have a choice.
No judge is going to grant bail
if it looks like Sevvy's a flight risk.
Wolf, I'm sold.
Angela.
Welcome to the team.
I just spoke to my client,
who, as I said,
is only in Atlanta because
he was gracious enough
to come pick me up.
He's shaken, but in good spirits.
Honestly, if I had known I ws
gonna cause all this trouble,
I would have flown commercial.
Unbelievable. I can't believe the press
is buying this crap.
Is there any way that this could be true?
I mean, is it possible that
he chartered a plane
to pick up his new lawyer
at the exact time
we were closing in on him?
I hear myself. I-I-I know.
It's complete crap.
The question is, will a judge buy it?
Because then we're really screwed.
All right, let's not
get ahead of ourselves.
We have an arraignment tomorrow.
We deal with that.
Then... we worry about this mess.
Let's try and get some sleep.
Tomorrow, we see Sevvy in court.
Thank you so much for coming, Julianne.
Sevvy's lucky to have you.
I'll be in touch. Sure.
Buck. You remember the luminous Julianne.
- Pleasure to see you.
- You, too.
- Luminous, huh?
- Yep.
Interesting word to describe
somebody you're trying to frame.
Where are we at with that?
Sevvy was tightening
the belt on her payments
for the last year or so.
She was down to almost nothing,
until Jessica died.
Ooh. Suddenly,
back on the payroll.
I can massage that into motive.
- What else we got?
- Well, I was going through her alibi
for the night of the murder.
She said she was home.
One neighbor says
they saw the light turn on.
The other says they saw the car gone.
Dig deeper.
I have a feeling this case
is going the distance,
and I need more.
Ezra, have you thought of telling Sevvy
you're going down this road?
I mean, he and Julianne,
they look out for each other.
If Sevvy knew what was good for him,
none of us would be here.
Oh, look who's finally home.
Yeah. I feel like I
haven't seen you in forever.
I've missed you. Oh...
You okay? Mm...
I'm just a little nervous
about the arraignment tomorrow.
First time back in court.
It's nothing. You'll be great.
I should go to bed.
Are you coming? Mm-hmm.
Be there in a minute. Okay.
You okay? Yeah.
It's an arraignment.
I could do it in my sleep.
Ms. Travis? There's someone
here to see you.
I'm Lindsay Meyer.
Jessica's sister.
I am so sorry for your loss.
We were just headed down to
court. Is everything okay?
My parents aren't coming.
I tried to convince them,
but they're just so broken up.
Of course. I get it.
I'm sorry about what my dad said to you.
He's not himself.
But you don't have to apologize, Lindsay.
The important thing is that you're here.
I can't believe I'm gonna
see him in court.
I know.
Look, it's not gonna be easy
for you to see him.
But we're gonna make him pay
for what he did.
I'll be all right.
You okay?
I will be once I get out of here.
- Good morning, Angela.
- Mr. Wolf.
Oh, call me Ezra.
You're not up to speed.
I'll do the talking.
All rise.
Department 125 of the
Superior Court of Los Angeles
is now in session.
The honorable
Judge Sandra Song presiding.
Be seated.
Well, this isn't your first rodeo.
Will the defendant waive reading
of the complaint and statement of rights?
Uh, yes, Your Honor.
Mr. Johnson is ready to enter his plea.
Ms. Travis? Please do the honors.
Here we go again.
Is your true name Severen Johnson?
Yes.
Mr. Johnson, you're charged
with first-degree murder
in violation of Penal Code
Section 187, subdivision A.
To this charge, how do you plead?
Guilty or not guilty?
I'm absolutely not guilty.
Hey, are you guys seriously
slow-clapping an arraignment?
It felt damn good to hear you
read that charge against Sevvy.
It felt pretty good to say it.
The bail hearing's set for tomorrow.
Okay. We need to make sure
the judge sees Sevvy as a flight risk.
That shouldn't be too hard,
since he literally flew.
But the Angela Ashley story's
getting traction,
and Wolf is telling anyone
in the press who will listen.
Well, I reached out to the pilot
and the flight attendant.
I can find out if Sevvy
filed another flight plan.
If the parents are a no-show again,
who else do we have to sit on our side?
Other relatives, friends?
Gabe Johnson.
I called in some favors
and got him released.
He's in a safe house.
Hm, Johnson's son sitting on our side.
That's making a statement.
I'll reach out.
Walk with me, Matthew. I need caffeine.
So, what's up?
This bail hearing is everything.
If we lose tomorrow and Sevvy walks,
that sends a message
to our potential jury
that our case is weak.
Well, it's a good thing
you're great under pressure.
So are you.
I want you there with me.
I will be there.
No, at counsel table.
I saw you in the gallery today.
You wanted in on the action.
Tell me I'm wrong.
You're not wrong.
Count me in.
Okay.
The inner sanctum.
My associates don't get
to set foot in here
without a thousand billable hours.
I hope you feel at home. Thank you.
- You're welcome.
- It's beautiful.
I need to see everything
you've got so far.
Mm-hmm.
Discovery, investigative reports...
Mm. You're a busywork person.
The devil is in the details. Isn't she?
Well...
here we are, Georgia...
your new office.
Befitting your stature, don't you think?
- It'll do just fine.
- Mm.
Let's be clear about one thing. Hm?
I'm Sevvy Johnson's lawyer.
You can have your 15 minutes
sitting next to me
during the bail hearing...
because you have chutzpah,
I'll give you that...
but I run the show.
I am the show.
Got it.
You're all show.
When I can get those files?
I'd like to hit the ground running.
Charlie, give Ms. Ashley those files.
We'll let her hit the ground...
running.
Thank you.
All the problems we've had,
you've always been a good father.
I still am a good father.
I wasn't gonna run, Jules.
I just went to pick up my new lawyer.
Don't lie to me, Sevvy.
I've known you for too long.
You abandoned a 9-year-old child.
I was scared.
I just needed a few days
to clear my head.
And now you need a favor.
It's about bail...
You don't have the money? I do.
Wolf says it'll look better to the judge
if someone else posts it.
Someone respected.
And you want me to ask Vick.
He's an NBA star.
Everybody knows and respects him.
We've both known him a long time.
He was one of the only
people who stood by me
during the first trial.
I just need you to talk to him, okay?
Tell him I didn't kill Jessica.
I'm gonna leave these with the guard.
Sign them,
and then I'll talk to Vick. What is it?
Papers making me a controlling
partner in your trust.
- What?
- Seeing you on that plane
made me think of life if we lost you.
What if you have to stay in here?
What if Jessica's family sues you?
Jules...
Who's gonna pay for Sunny's college?
- Jules, listen to me.
- I have to protect this family.
I'm... You'll sign those for me,
and I'll call Vick for you.
Jul...
Pick up the phone. Jules!
Please,
tell me you've got good news.
I've had a very productive day.
Let's see what we've got.
- Is this real?
- As real as it gets.
Julianne.
You've been a very, very bad girl.
Georgia.
How's my new favorite legal eagle?
Wary. Wary?
- Why so friendly?
- I'm in a good mood.
I'm in a very good mood.
Oh. I got the silver bullet
that I need to win Sevvy's bail hearing.
Hell, this thing might
not even make it to trial.
I'm waiting.
Oh, I'm not gonna tell you what it is.
But I do have a little job for you.
How are your babysitting skills?
Thanks for coming through, mate.
You always do.
Well, eight years ago, I gave you
the benefit of the doubt.
But now? I can't say that, Sev.
Listen, I was innocent,
and I'm innocent now.
I'm gonna prove it. I just
need to get out of this cell.
Julianne says you want me
to offer to post bail?
Wolf thinks it'll mean
a lot to the judge,
a man like you standing up for me.
And if you run? I won't.
I promise.
Look, Vick,
if you're not gonna do it for me,
do it for my kids. Sunny's 9 years old.
I mean, you don't want her to see
her father through iron bars...
Don't use the kids to manipulate me.
Vick.
I'm asking.
I... I'll think about it.
Thanks.
Show Mr. Marshall out, please.
You all right? Yeah. Fine.
How's things with Wolf?
To be honest, he's shutting me out...
too busy protecting his territory,
walking around like
a master of the universe,
when really he's just a sideshow magician
with a tired bag of tricks.
Look, you may have saved
my ass yesterday,
but Wolf saved my life.
He knows what he's doing.
Let's talk about what
I should wear tomorrow.
Okay.
- So, you'll open...
- And intro the case.
I'll talk about how Sevvy
had motive, opportunity...
And that we can place him
at the crime scene.
Then I'll talk flight risk.
The flight attendant's
affidavit just came in...
We have to be ready
to counter Wolf's B.S.
And the pilot is still refusing to talk.
And, of course, he's gonna
try and charm the judge.
Which won't work,
because it's Judge Song,
and she always had a thing for you.
And no one's listening to me.
Really? Judge Song? Mm-hmm.
Wear your blue tie.
It'll make your eyes pop.
Okay.
I know you're prepping, but
I need to speak with Matthew.
- Can I have the room for a minute?
- Please.
What's that about?
Ugh. Above my pay grade.
Maya Travis.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
Thank you.
Everything okay?
Yeah, yeah. That was the LAPD
letting me know that a Mr. River Allgood
reported that I have a stalker.
They want me to come in
and talk to a detective.
Not a horrible idea.
You told him, didn't you?
I can't deal with this right now.
It strikes me as odd.
Konrad Dabrowski is our mole,
but I can't seem to find
his polygraph test in your report.
He didn't take one.
Once Dabrowski knew we were closing in,
he came to me and confessed.
Figured I'd go easier on him.
Why wasn't a police officer
present when you questioned him?
The man was obviously terrified.
I thought he'd be more
forthcoming with me alone,
and he was.
I pulled his employment record, Collier.
Dabrowski wasn't fired.
He was transferred to
the federal building on Flower.
So I'm gonna give you five seconds
to tell me the truth.
Konrad Dabrowski worked in
this building for 30 years.
He made one mistake.
If you want to dig deeper
into my decision
not to ruin his life, go right ahead.
You know what?
I think I will.
Hey.
You filed a police report
without telling me?
You have a stalker, Maya.
You're not doing anything about it.
This is a dangerous situation, all right?
So dangerous that CJ
installed security cameras
- outside the house.
- The guy is a sad sack
who gets his kicks out of
leaving earrings on my doorstep.
Look, the detective I spoke to disagrees.
He thinks that because
this guy re-emerged
so quickly after eight years
that he is an obsessive...
Look, honey, I'm just
trying to protect you.
Yeah, I don't need you to protect me.
Maya... If you want to be with somebody
that you need to save, that's not me.
- I can take care of myself.
- Sticking your head in the sand
isn't necessarily
taking care of yourself.
Do you have any idea
how important tomorrow is to me?
Yes, but -
How long I've waited
to put Johnson behind bars?
Of course, but that has
nothing to do with this.
Yes, it does, because
this is wasting my time
when I should be
concentrating on the case!
You are as obsessive as your stalker.
I'm just gonna do what the detective said
and take all the gifts that
this sicko brought you
down to the police station.
Where are they?
What the hell did you do with them?
Nothing.
Oh, my God, Riv.
He was here.
He was in the house.
Tensions are
running high as Sevvy Johnson
- once again faces...
- Change the channel.
...is going to make a full-court press
to get bail for Johnson,
and the prosec...
You were right to bring the cops in.
He was escalating.
- What do you want to do?
- Put it away for now.
After the hearing's over,
we'll deal with it.
That's my ride. I got to go.
Well, hey. Good luck.
Ready to do this? Ready.
If that monster gets out...
He won't.
Angela. You look beautiful.
All rise.
Department 125 of the
Superior Court of Los Angeles
is now in session.
Judge Sandra Song presiding.
Be seated.
Call the case of
People vs. Severen Johnson.
We're here on a defense motion
to set bail for the defendant.
I'll hear from the People first.
Your Honor, the evidence
against Mr. Johnson
is powerful and convincing.
We have it all.
Motive... Jessica, on tape,
saying Mr. Johnson beat her,
and she was planning to go to the police.
Opportunity... a secret entrance
at his house allowed him
to go on and off the property
without detection.
Consciousness of guilt...
he tried to have evidence
destroyed as soon as he knew
a search warrant was imminent.
We also have forensic evidence
from the crime scene...
DNA evidence that places him there
specifically the morning of the murder.
Ms. Travis, I don't need to hear
how you plan to prove your case at trial.
This is a bail hearing.
Mr. Collier will continue the argument.
Good morning.
There's a saying, Your Honor.
If you want to know what someone will do,
take a look at what he has done.
Now, Mr. Johnson has
already proven himself
to be a flight risk.
This entire courtroom... and
probably most of the nation...
watched as he got caught
trying to evade arrest.
Now, I know the defense will
claim he only flew to Atlanta
to pick up his new lawyer,
but I have a signed affidavit
from the flight attendant
describing how Mr. Johnson
was researching
hotel accommodations in Dubai,
somewhere that does not
have an extradition treaty
with the United States.
We ask that Mr. Johnson
be held without bail.
Thank you.
I'll hear from the defense.
Your Honor, I can stand here,
throw out a lot of words refuting
each of the prosecution's
flimsy arguments,
but that would just
be more air pollution,
and climate change is real.
I could also produce my own affidavit
from the actual pilot
of my client's plane,
who was personally prepared
to file a flight plan
from Atlanta back to L.A.
I could tell you
that my client got on that
flight on my own advice
to woo an extraordinary
attorney to our team.
I could even show you the true measure
of his support and trust
in his community.
Mr. Johnson's longtime friend,
Vick Marshall...
five-time NBA champion,
popular TV personality...
agreed to post his bail.
Now, Your Honor...
I thought you were gonna
minimize air pollution, Counselor.
Touché. Touché.
I just wanted you to know
I've done my homework,
because I have evidence...
evidence the prosecution
should have found
were it not for their
unrelenting tunnel vision,
evidence that proves
the killer is, in fact...
...Julianne Johnson.
- Wolf!
- Objection, Your Honor.
Order! I'll have order.
Your Honor, Julianne Johnson
fought with Jessica Meyer
the night before the murder.
She benefited financially from her death,
and she lied to the police
about her alibi.
If you turn your attention
to the screen...
This video was taken
the morning of the murder.
That is Julianne Johnson
driving down Pacific Coast Highway
away from the crime scene.
Settle right now
or I will clear this court.
Your Honor, there is
no evidence that Julianne
had anything to do with this murder.
It was Sevvy's DNA
at the crime scene, not hers.
- That video proves nothing.
- I can get you out of here,
if you let me.
Thousands of people drive up and down PCH
every day. Do it.
Your Honor.
I have examined every single report
generated by every lab
connected to this case.
As of this date,
22% of the DNA swabs
taken from the crime scene
have not been analyzed.
Furthermore, another 17%
gave inconclusive results.
When everything is said and done...
...we may well find
Julianne Johnson's DNA
was at that crime scene.
- Is that true?
- Yes, but it doesn't invalidate
the fact that Sevvy's DNA was there.
I've heard enough.
Bail is set at $5 million.
Thank you, Your Honor.
Well?
You dragged the mother
of my children into this.
From now on,
you work for her.
It's happening again. All of it.
But this time, it's even worse.
Last time, bail wasn't even an option
because he killed two people...
And he's free, you know,
posing for selfies with fans
and autographing movie posters.
Who wants to get drunk?
How about a toast?
The look on Ezra's face when Sevvy
demoted him to second chair.
That was almost worth it.
However, I'm going to leave the
Monday-morning quarterbacking
to you two,
'cause I have a little girl at home
who needs dinner and a bedtime song.
Ceej. About this whole Julianne thing,
I know Wolf has a flair
for the dramatic, but...
Yeah, we can't have any more surprises.
I will leave no turn un-stoned.
Believe me. Don't drink and drive.
Cheers.
Ezra Wolf called me a murderer
in open court, and you let him.
Wolf was just protecting me.
It worked. Got me out, right?
Of course you would defend that lowlife.
Why would I expect you to have
any sense of morality,
after all you've done?
What about what you've done, huh?
That video of your little
joyride down the PCH
right by Vick's house.
Now I know why you lied to
the police about your alibi.
Because you didn't want me to
know that you were screwing him!
That's right, Sevvy.
I was screwing Vick damn Marshall.
It's been going on for months.
The kids knew it.
- Everybody but you knew it.
- You think I give a damn
about who's in your bloody bed?
You always want to think you own me.
There's nobody but the great
Sevvy Johnson in my life.
You know what? He can have you.
He'll find out just what I found out.
All you care about is money.
I built this family.
I am the mother of your children.
I have earned every penny
I've gotten from you. You earned?
Who do you think paid for this, huh?
But that was your little plan, wasn't it?
I'd sign over my trust,
piss off to prison,
and you get everything.
Yeah.
And I get a man who's kind
and thoughtful and gentle
and, unlike you,
has never laid a single hand...
Go ahead, Sevvy. Do it. I'll tell you -
Don't push me.
- Hit me.
I have spent half my life
covering for you...
For me? ...rationalizing your rage.
Well, no more!
Go ahead. Take a swing.
That's what you want, isn't it?
That's just what you want.
Those reporters right outside
your front door...
Yeah? ...are your judge, your jury,
and your executioner.
I leave here with so much
as a single hair out of place,
and it's your ass.
You listen to me.
I'm gonna let Wolf
take you down for this.
You'll lose everything...
the house, the money...
and your kids will see you
from behind bars
for the rest of your sorry-ass life.
I'm not afraid of you anymore.
Thanks for coming. No problem.
She didn't tell you, did she?
What?
The stalker, he was in the house.
He messed with the security
cameras, he broke in,
and then he took all of the boxes back.
How did he even know? Exactly.
What, they all disappear
right after I call the police?
No.
He was listening.
What do we do?
We find out how.
Yeah.
Yes.
Now, this space is more my speed.
Bask in the moment,
because it won't last long.
Get some sleep tonight.
We've got a lot of work to do tomorrow,
and I like to start early.
Oh!
- Nice!
- You see? You see?
I'm... I'm just way better
after a few drinks.
I need another drink.
Good idea. Mm.
I laugh, you know.
What?
In normal life, I laugh.
I remember.
Even though it all went to hell today,
I'm glad we were there together.
If things were different...
I can't.
I want to. But I can't.
Listen to this, you sick son of a bitch.
This is over.
I'm coming for you. Do you hear me?
I am coming for you.
Ms. Travis.
Hey, Leo.
- Have a good night.
- You, too.
You should've fired him.
What?
The janitor.
If you would've fired him,
I never would've figured it out,
but you're just too damn nice.
Figured what out?
Loni. She's the leak.
Alan, we... No.
Don't try to lawyer me.
You see, I kept thinking,
why would he go to such lengths
to protect the identity of the mole?
Then I remembered you brought Loni in.
You mentored her.
You gave her the biggest
case of her career,
then you yanked it away.
That would've pissed me off, too.
See, I would have confronted
her, but wouldn't you know,
she called in sick
for the first time ever.
I had my reasons.
I know you did.
Question now is,
what do I do?
I could fire you,
maybe even have you arrested.
Or I could tell Maya.
She'd never forgive you.
But I won't, 'cause it was
the right play.
Then Maya would've gone
all shock and awe.
We can't take another scandal.
We need the win.
I'm, uh...
glad we see eye-to-eye on this.
Oh, we do.
You murdered my sister.
Now you're gonna pay.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org